✨ Added pmm-cli shell scripts (#38)
vector-of-bool/pmm: README.md

# Helper Commands

> After PMM has run for the first time, it will generate a sh and bat script that can be used to maintain your PMM installation

Reviewer: I'd leave docs for both options for running the `pmm.cmake` script.

```suggestion
The `pmm.cmake` script can be run with `-P` to access a set of utility subcommands and options. See `cmake -P pmm.cmake /Help` for options. Additionally, after PMM has run for the first time, it will generate a sh and bat script that can be used to access the same set of options without needing `cmake -P pmm.cmake`:
```
